[OCPBUGS#37970] Update ShiftStack UPI for unique network resource changes (#79987)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-osp-creating-network-resources.adoc

. For a dual stack cluster deployment, edit the `inventory.yaml` file and uncomment the `os_subnet6` attribute.

> . To ensure that your network resources have unique names on the {rh-openstack} deployment, create an environment variable and JSON file for use in the Ansible playbooks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To ensure that your network resources have unique names on the {rh-openstack} deployment, create an environment variable and JSON file for use in the Ansible playbooks:
+
```

Might be useful to add the plus in the event DRC acts up.

> . To ensure that you network resources have unique names on the {rh-openstack} deployment, create an environment variable and JSON file that the Ansible playbooks will use:

Author: ```suggestion
. To ensure that your network resources have unique names on the {rh-openstack} deployment, create an environment variable and JSON file that the Ansible playbooks will use:
```

.. Create an environment variable that has a unique name value by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ export OS_NET_ID="openshift-$(dd if=/dev/urandom count=4 bs=1 2>/dev/null |hexdump -e '"%02x"')"
----

> .. Verify that the variable is set in your shell by running the following command:

Reviewer: shell versus terminal is intended?

Author: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the variable is set by running the following command on a command line:
```
